[DOCS-11197] Add permissions section (#29974)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/azure-manual-setup.md

## Setup

{{% collapse-content title="Permissions required for integration setup" level="h4" expanded=false id="required-permissions" %}}

#### In Azure

Your Microsoft Entra ID user needs the following permissions:

##### Permission to create an app registration

**One** of the following must be true for the user:

- `Users can register applications` has been set to `Yes`
- The user has the [Application Developer][17] role

> ##### Permission to assign `Monitoring Reader` permissions

Reviewer: It occurs to me that users may misread this to think that they need the "Monitoring Reader" role, so it may be clearer to not mention it directly. They just need the ability to assign roles. The role they'll be asked to assign to Datadog isn't really relevant at this stage.
```suggestion
##### Permission to assign roles within your subscriptions
```

> This permission is included in all of the [Azure built-in roles in the Privileged category][14]. If you want to use a custom role, the required permission is `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/write`.

Reviewer: It also occurred to me that we should make it very clear that they need this permission in every subscription they want to connect
```suggestion
You must have one of the [Azure built-in roles in the Privileged category][14] or a custom role including the `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/write` action in each of the subscriptions you wish to connect.
```

> The `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/write` permission is required, scoped to any subscriptions or management groups to monitor. This permission is part of the [Role Based Access Control Administrator role][14].

Author: Thanks for the feedback, updated in [7256270](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/29974/commits/7256270e9ecd6db30da16cb644ecf83510245ed4)

##### Permission to add and grant consent for Graph API permissions

The [Privileged Role Administrator role][15] contains the required permissions.

#### In Datadog

> The Datadog `Admin` role, or any other role with the `azure_configurations_manage` permission.

Reviewer: For some reason the role is actually called `Datadog Admin Role` even though it's a bit redundant 😅 probably worth making it match this though

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74dde8b3-020e-4356-a10a-5dd9f9ca2a0d)
